Privacy Policy

Effective Date: 7/11/2024

1. Introduction

Welcome to the AFG Chess mobile application. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our App. Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the App.

2. Information We Collect

We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the App includes:

Personal Data: Personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, and other demographic information that you voluntarily give to us when you register with the App or participate in various activities related to the App.

Derivative Data: Information our servers automatically collect when you access the App, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the App.

Mobile Device Data: Device information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, and information about the location of your device if you access the App from a mobile device.

3. Use of Your Information

We may use the information we collect from you to:

Create and manage your account.
Personalize your experience in the App.
Provide you with customer support.
Send you relevant information and updates.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the App.
Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity.
4. Disclosure of Your Information

We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations:

By Law or to Protect Rights: If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.

Business Transfers: We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.

5. Security of Your Information

We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.

6. Policy for Children

We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.

7. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.

8. Contact Us

If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

murtazayusufi1018@gmail.com
0093784118356
